New Workflow SDK updates (#81)
geocortex/dev-center: docs/workflow/sdk-web-create-element.mdx

---
title: Create a Form Element
description: Geocortex Workflow - Create a workflow form element for web applications
---

import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl";
import UseCaseContainer from "../../src/components/UseCaseContainer";
import UseCaseCard from "../../src/components/UseCaseCard";

This article will walk you through creating a new workflow form element for web applications.

## Prerequisites

[Set up](sdk-web-overview.mdx#overview) the Geocortex Workflow TypeScript SDK.

## Create a Form Element

1. Open up a terminal shell in the SDK folder.
1. Run the command `npm run generate` and follow the instructions to create a new form element named `MyCustomElement`. This script creates a custom form element skeleton that you can build on with your own custom logic. The script will perform the following operations:

>     1. Create a new form element `.ts` file with the provided name in the `src/activities` folder.

Reviewer: These are **.tsx** files

Author: Indeed they are. Whoops! Fixed.

    1. Populate the form element `.tsx` file from a form element template.
    1. Exports the element in `src/index.ts` to make it available for use.

:::tip

> It's convention to use PascalCase for activity names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's convention to use PascalCase for form element names.
```
